DOC-930 Clean up alerts docs (#28476)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/features/alerts/example-config.md

---
title: 'Example alert policy configuration'
sidebar_position: 400
---

> You can add the following YAML snippets to your alert policy configuration file and adjust as needed. To sync the file to your Dagster+ deployment, run:

Reviewer: And a specific suggestion for this page (calling out that it's not at all required, and again, not attached to the specific wording): 
```suggestion
If you prefer to manage your alerts through configuration files instead of the UI, you can create a YAML file using the following snippets and adjust as needed. To sync the file to your Dagster+ deployment, run:
```
